Fix spelling and grammar issues (#2888)
matrix-org/matrix-doc: specification/appendices/identifier_grammar.rst

to pick 3 unique servers based on the following criteria:

* The first server should be the server of the highest power level user in the room,

>   provided they are at least power level 50. If no user meets these criteria, pick the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  provided they are at least power level 50. If no user meets this criterion, pick the
```
